Add composes from styles RFC (#4)
vtex-apps/rfcs: text/0004-composes-from-styles.md

- Start Date: 2020-03-31
- Implementation PR: (leave this empty)
- Store Discussion Issue: (leave this empty)

# Summary

Add support for `composes: ___ from styles` in CSS files.

# Basic example

```css
.element {
  border: 1px solid red;
  composes: heading-1 from styles;
}
```

# Motivation

Make it possible to compose CSS classes composing with Tachyons classes.

This will increase the usage of a well defined Design System through `styles/config/style.json`.

# Detailed design

This RFC proposes enabling the usage of the [`composes` syntax of CSS Modules](https://github.com/css-modules/css-modules#composition) in CSS files with some limitations:

1. It will **not be possible** to compose using another CSS Module file, example: `composes: className from "./style.css";`
2. It will **not be possible** to compose using `from global`, example: `composes: globalClassName from global;`
3. It will **not be possible** to compose local selectors, example: `composes: className`
4. Addition of a new API `from styles` to allow the usage of Tachyons classes, example: `composes: heading-1 from styles;`

## Why blocking composing with another file

> This feature will make it harder for scenarios of themes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature will make it harder for theme scenarios.
```

```
.
└── css
    ├── vtex.carousel.css
    ├── vtex.flex-layout.css
    └── vtex.store-header.css
```

If the user added to the `vtex.flex-layout.css`:

```css
.flexRowContent--menu-link {
  color: red;
  composes: containerImg from './vtex.carousel.css';
}
```

This would generate the following class in the HTML:

```html
<div className="vtex-flex-layout-0-x-flexRowContent--menu-link vtex-carousel-0-x-containerImg">
```

This would might lead to weird bugs, making it harder to debug.

## Why blocking composing from global

This feature will make it harder for scenarios of themes.

Example of a theme that have the following folder structure inside the `styles` directory:

```
.
└── css
    ├── vtex.carousel.css
    ├── vtex.flex-layout.css
    └── vtex.store-header.css
```

If the user added to the `vtex.flex-layout.css`:

```css
.flexRowContent--menu-link {
  color: red;
  composes: vtex-carousel-0-x-containerImg from global;
}
```

This would generate the following class in the HTML:

```html
<div className="vtex-flex-layout-0-x-flexRowContent--menu-link vtex-carousel-0-x-containerImg">
```

This would might lead to weird bugs, making it harder to debug.

> ## Why blocking composing with local selectors
> 
> Example of a theme that have the following folder structure inside the `styles` directory:
> 
> ```
> .
> └── css
>     └── vtex.flex-layout.css
> ```
> 
> If the user added to the `vtex.flex-layout.css`:
> 
> ```css
> .flexRowContent--menu-link {
>   color: red;
>   composes: flexRow--deals;
> }
> 
> .flexRow--deals {
>   background-color: #a7afbd;
>   padding: 14px 0px;
> }
> ```
> 
> This would generate the following class in the HTML:
> 
> ```html
> <div className="vtex-flex-layout-0-x-flexRowContent--menu-link vtex-flex-layout-0-x-flexRow--deals">
> ```
> 
> This would lead to adding a new CSS Handle to a HTML element, making it harder to debug and creating inconsistencies.

Reviewer: This is almost the same thing as the section above. Can you merge them somehow?
```suggestion
```
